Replacing help.probely.com links (#1360)
snyk/user-docs: snyk-data-and-governance/how-snyk-incorporates-generative-ai-into-the-platform.md

### Snyk API & Web (False Positive Reduction (FPR))

> <table><thead><tr><th width="230.103515625">Attribute</th><th>Details</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Purpose</strong></td><td>Designed to help classify findings to reduce manual review and improve efficiency.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>AI models / deployment</strong></td><td>Anthropic’s Claude models through AWS Bedrock.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data Processed</strong></td><td>Parts of HTTP requests and responses (i.e. components of web communications that are analyzed to detect and classify vulnerabilities).</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data retention</strong></td><td>Customer proprietary software code is not passed to or retained by the provider of these AI models.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Additional information</strong></td><td>More information about Snyk API &#x26; Web is available <a href="../scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/README.md">here</a>.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<table><thead><tr><th width="230.103515625">Attribute</th><th>Details</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Purpose</strong></td><td>Designed to help classify findings to reduce manual review and improve efficiency.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>AI models / deployment</strong></td><td>Anthropic’s Claude models through AWS Bedrock.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data Processed</strong></td><td>Parts of HTTP requests and responses (i.e. components of web communications that are analyzed to detect and classify vulnerabilities).</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data retention</strong></td><td>Customer proprietary software code is not passed to or retained by the provider of these AI models.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Additional information</strong></td><td>More information about Snyk API &#x26; Web is available <a href="https://app.gitbook.com/s/BJO0IZx7zB6bOkotxQP2/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web">here</a>.</td></tr></tbody></table>
```

### Snyk API & Web - Broken Object Level Authorization for APIs

> <table><thead><tr><th width="229.3359375">Attribute</th><th>Details</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Purpose</strong></td><td>Designed to help identify authorization vulnerabilities in APIs, including Broken Object Level Authorization.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>AI models / deployment</strong></td><td>Anthropic’s Claude models through AWS Bedrock.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data processed</strong></td><td>Parts of HTTP requests and responses (i.e. components of web communications that are analyzed to detect vulnerabilities and classify content).</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data retention</strong></td><td>HTTP requests and responses are not retained by the provider of these AI models.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Additional information</strong></td><td>More information about Snyk API &#x26; Web is available <a href="../scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/README.md">here</a>.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<table><thead><tr><th width="229.3359375">Attribute</th><th>Details</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Purpose</strong></td><td>Designed to help identify authorization vulnerabilities in APIs, including Broken Object Level Authorization.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>AI models / deployment</strong></td><td>Anthropic’s Claude models through AWS Bedrock.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data processed</strong></td><td>Parts of HTTP requests and responses (i.e. components of web communications that are analyzed to detect vulnerabilities and classify content).</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data retention</strong></td><td>HTTP requests and responses are not retained by the provider of these AI models.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Additional information</strong></td><td>More information about Snyk API &#x26; Web is available <a href="https://app.gitbook.com/s/BJO0IZx7zB6bOkotxQP2/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web">here</a>.</td></tr></tbody></table>
```

### Snyk SAST / DAST Correlation

> <table><thead><tr><th width="230.103515625">Attribute</th><th>Details</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Purpose</strong></td><td>Designed to correlate Snyk Code and Snyk API &#x26; Web findings by highlighting the source code that triggered a given API &#x26; Web Vulnerability.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>AI models / deployment</strong></td><td>Google’s Gemini and Anthropic’s Claude models through AWS Bedrock and GCP Vertex.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data Processed</strong></td><td>Customer source code; DAST scan information (for example, vulnerability types, endpoints, and parameters); and SAST scan information (for example, vulnerability types, file names, and code locations), to help correlate source code with runtime vulnerabilities.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data retention</strong></td><td>Customer proprietary software code is not retained by the provider of these AI models.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Additional information</strong></td><td>More information about Snyk API &#x26; Web is available <a href="../scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/README.md">here</a>.</td></tr></tbody></table>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<table><thead><tr><th width="230.103515625">Attribute</th><th>Details</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Purpose</strong></td><td>Designed to correlate Snyk Code and Snyk API &#x26; Web findings by highlighting the source code that triggered a given API &#x26; Web Vulnerability.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>AI models / deployment</strong></td><td>Google’s Gemini and Anthropic’s Claude models through AWS Bedrock and GCP Vertex.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data Processed</strong></td><td>Customer source code; DAST scan information (for example, vulnerability types, endpoints, and parameters); and SAST scan information (for example, vulnerability types, file names, and code locations), to help correlate source code with runtime vulnerabilities.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Data retention</strong></td><td>Customer proprietary software code is not retained by the provider of these AI models.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Additional information</strong></td><td>More information about Snyk API &#x26; Web is available <a href="https://app.gitbook.com/s/BJO0IZx7zB6bOkotxQP2/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web">here</a>.</td></tr></tbody></table>
```
